programing
communication
Coding
The forms of teaching and examinations
digital information
I want to learn how to critically sift through information and get the information I need efficiently, but I'm not interested in app development.
I can’t understand hard words.
Losing interests about learning new skills and getting frustrated
the inability to keep up with unfamiliar class content.
I think it's going to be difficult
I don't have concerns
-shortage of my technological/coding skills
-perhaps some students may not be interested in the topic, too.
difficult
I am worried that it will be difficult to handle programs such as coding and Python because I am not familiar with them. I'm afraid to try it for the first time because it's a class method and content that I haven't learned before. But if it's easy to access, I think it'll be fine. If you don't have a laptop or iPad, it will be difficult to participate in the class.
the difficulty of keeping up with class progree
None.
If devices are required for class, some students may do other things with them.
I often don't understand the contents of the class properly in English-speaking class.
My knowledge
If I rely on only digital, my metacognition and literacy skills will decrease a lot
I'm worried that I won't be able to understand it well enough
I've never learned it properly, so I'm afraid I won't be able to keep up
My biggest concern is that I am not familiar with coding.
Learning coding is fun. But I'm still a beginner, so I worried.
digital literacy gap among the students
basic computational ability & coding skill
no
the forms of teaching, revision and examinations
gap between students and me, difficult for me
I am worried that there will be a difference between friends who learned coding in advance.
I don’t know
I'm concerned that class will be canceled because there are no people who want to learn
Difficulty with technical terminology: Technical terms used in the field of science may not be familiar to students. If they do not understand these terms, it can be difficult for them to comprehend to the information provided in the class.
I suspect that students may not be as interested in this topic as I thought
How to devople my english level?
How to use my major in the future?
I'm not quite sure what syntax is, so I'm little bit conerned of syntax.
Digital learning tools that engage learners
Personally, I lack digital understanding such as coding programs and more insufficient utilization skills, so I think the subject will be effective only when basic knowledge is installed. In order to do so, I think I need to have a lot of classes and interest in coding.
Learning coding is interesting but I'm worried because it's my first time learning it.
I’m looking forward to it if I have a class on coding, but I’m worried because I’ve never done coding at all.
I'm worried that I might not be able to adapt to the class because I'm not used to the name of the lecture
If there were leveled courses, I would like to see an indication of the level of digital literacy required of students at each level.
I'm completely new to coding and programming, and I'm worried that I won't be able to keep up with the other students and get a good enough grade. Coding and programming are done on our own compute(in school)r, and I'm not sure how it will be able to give each student the attention they need to make the class run smoothly.
My biggest concern is my test scores.
To learn coding skills to create and develop software programs, websites, and other digital applications.
Nothing
Grammar
English grammar
encountering coding that you've never encountered before
Coding was harder than I thought.
-Don't understand
-Failed to keep up with the practice
Digital skills
Computing skills
Coding is difficult for me to make code.
I'm not good with computers. So I'm worried about coding.
I'm most interested in activities to understand English grammar using coding.
Combine knowledge of English grammar with technologies such as coding and big data.
Create my own English grammar content
My biggest concern would be the lack of basic information. Since there are a lot of symbols to be aware of like (;, :,\ , and etc) that can cause a big error to run the program, I hope the professor gives well basic concepts to stude before creating the program.
Not good at dealing with some digital things
The way of using coding or another computer system.
I have concerns about learning something I don't know.
Maybe most of the people have the less ability than the digital literacy experts. They may have hard time to adpat their ablility with digital literacy. It means people may require some cares such as do people go the right way or do people understand what the insturctor wants to teach. But the heat of digital literacy topic and education, recently, maybe there will be more people who want to take class than the plans of the instructor. Too many people may cause complications. People who are not familiar with digital literacy cannot learn properly. It means there will be no difference before taking classes and after taking classes. And this class system will give people just stress, not the happiness of learning. The original meaning of the class will be gone. It will give pain both intsturctors and learners.
I'm worried because I don't know much about working with computers such as coding and Python and I'm not good at it.
My biggest concerns are that Can I really explain well when I combine digital literacy with English to teach someone? Can it also excite their interest? and Increasingly difficult and complex coding (even if the professor has entered all the coding expressions)
I am worried that I will not be able to follow the class properly because it is not familiar or difficult.
It is widely believed that coding is complicated, so I was concerned that I could understand the lecture at once though I am interested in coding.
I'm most worried about using Python.
